[Music]
The Buddha is the father of all
beings, entering the three
realms to save people and bring them peace and
joy. His name resounds far and wide, his reputation is known
throughout the land.
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause] The majestic
Bodhisattva follows the Heavenly Guardians.
[Music] The
Buddha's radiant light permeates
everywhere, spreading its fragrance throughout all beings in the deep realms.
[Music]
Oh, I
respectfully bow to the Buddha. The Buddha returns with the Bodhisattva to save
all people. At the Bodhi
tree, day and night,
thunder rumbles, and the Demon Army trembles in fear. The radiant light shines brightly
everywhere. Majestic and awe-inspiring, the
Supreme One is attained everywhere. The world
rejoices.
[Music]
Oh, Bodhisattva, Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara, respectfully celebrating.
[Music] Avalokiteshvara,
holding the willow branch, sings. The
world is not in turmoil. The city is peaceful, war is
fought, even in the vast ocean. Reciting the Bodhisattva's name brings peace.
[Music] I
respectfully bow to the Buddha, his auspicious appearance, his beauty.
[Music] The
Buddha of Kapilavastu, magnificent, majestic, and beautiful.
[Music]
The flower is more beautiful than the
moon, but looking out at the four gates of the temple,
I see the scene of birth, sickness, and death, and my heart aches. And there, the enlightened one
walks on the path of
[Applause]
bowing to the Buddha, the
compassionate Buddha, the merciful one, the Empress, the Emperor, renounced the
world, attained enlightenment, and saved sentient beings from suffering. The garden of Nirvana stirred the three
thousand souls, and the virtuous one, Tran Nhu, clearly understood the sacred path. The Three Paths of Annihilation, the Emperor, is at peace. [Music] Ah, the sun, the Buddha's teachings shine brightly, dispelling evil, darkness, ignorance, delusion, and evil. Humans and gods, three thousand
worlds, sing. Ah, ah, [Music] Di, di, de, so many times, this double-edged sword,
this neck, pain, fear,
long night, cleansed, kings, officials, and the old,
thousands of people rejoice, taking refuge in the Buddha.
In heaven, the emperor sings.
[Music]
Heavenly Flower, Heavenly Music, joyful, then the
Buddha preaches the Dharma, saving all beings, compassionate and silent. The Buddha accepts the prayer. Ah, ah, listening to the
Buddha and Bodhisattvas, saving the world.
[Music] [Music]
ah
[Music]
[Applause]